This programme contains
strong language.
I'm impressed that you're seeing the
leader of your party. You should be.
But ultimately, he is just a man.
Ah, that's a good point
because yours on the other hand is...
No, no, no. Mine is
the leader of the country also.
What I'm saying is,
if we were playing Top Trumps
which we kind of are...
Of course, we absolutely are.
..I win.
So, it's Ben Swain day today is it?
Yep. A "Nutter" in our midst.
A junior minister for me
to push around. That's nice.
A bit more power for me. You are
an extremely powerful man.
Very powerful. Very attractive
sexually due to all this power.
Hey Partridge!
Hey dickhead.
Happy New Queer. I'm really sorry.
Don't be so offensive. I do
apologise for my friend's behaviour.
Did you have a nice Poofmas?
What are you two doing down
Richmond Terrace way? Slumming it.
Seeing Julius, the big baldy ballbag.
You must be Gemma. It's Emma.
What are you doing here?
I'm babysitting Ben Swain today.
Can you water my spider plants
in my office?
He's very good with a watering can.
Very, very bright lad.
See you later.
So the girlfriend, she doesn't mind
the whole your being gay thing?
Did you take her home for Christmas?
No, God, no, couldn't do that.
No, you couldn't do that cos she
wouldn't fit in, cos you're
dyed-in-the-wool working class.
She's probably
allergic to pit ponies.
Are they actually sleeping together?
Yes, in the flat.
Do you think she's on top?
What do you hear? I hear he'll say,
"How do you like it?" and she'll
say, "I've got to page Tucker."
Have I shaved properly?
We're having the bathroom done and
I was in the kitchen this morning
using the kettle as a mirror.
No, you're very smooth.
It's a chrome kettle then?
You've been watching
CSI again, haven't you?
Morning.
Oh, hello.
How was sleeping with the enemy?
Oh, hilarious.
I'd forgotten how funny you were.
What time are you seeing Stewart?
It'll be in about half an hour.
What about you? Oh, I'll be last in.
He's punishing me for standing
against JB in the leadership contest
by putting me in the Ryanair queue.
Come on. He got you that terrific
photo-op with that wind-turbine
on your house, remember?
Yes, and it cost me 12 grand.
And I had to pay for the electricity
bill to keep the bugger turning.
Because there's no wind
in the valley. I had to plug it in.
My next door neighbour
has an England flag that
hangs there limply while my turbine
mysteriously whizzes around.
You could turn the turbine round
so it blows his flag.
So what's up first then, Peter?
While we're here, we could bat ideas
around. He wants something fluffy for
the speech, does he? Environment?
Tax breaks for aromatherapists?
Satnav for asylum seekers?
I was thinking about a departmental
blog. Oh, God! Really?
I could do the writing bit of it
because you wouldn't have time.
I might as well.
I've knack all else to do...
To be honest, you sort it out.
I thought we could have a
guest book so readers could leave
their comments. Are you sure?
Have you ever Googled your own name?
It's like opening a door to a room
where everyone tells you
how shit you are.
Where's my little phoney, Ben Swain?
What's this Newsnight angle
going to be then?
Ben's going on Newsnight?
Oh, you're a little West Winger,
aren't you? They cutting
you out of the loop already?
Well, I'll check who
the presenter is and...
The presenter is Newsbot 3.2.
It's a nobody.
It's a fucking scorch mark.
Paxo's in Kenya fly-fishing
with Stephen Fry
or whatever the fuck he does.
Kirsty is in Kilmarnock with her
gran. So she's out of the picture.
Well, I'll just check the lines
with Pat Morrissey. Pat Morrissey?
What her? Fat Pat? Pumpkin tits?
Yeah. Pat and Communications
have asked that everything
be double ticked through her.
But you get to tick as well.
Obviously.
Oh, obviously(!)
That's very, very nice.
That's very fucking big of them.
I get a tick? Yeah it's two ticks
for a green light basically.
Pat Morrissey. Communications is
full of "Nutters" these days.
Soon as the PM said he'd be gone
inside a year, the "Nutters" started
pouring out, like mela-fucking-noma.
See you later. See you in a tick.
What about you? You're not
a "Nutter", are you?
I'm not a "Nutter".
I'm a "Nipper".
Hey, Terri.
Hi Ollie. Happy New Year.
How was Christmas? Oh, you know.
Yeah, I know. Six pairs of socks,
three Harry Potter omnibuses.
"I thought
you were taking the giblets out."
"Don't give Nan any more Baileys,
she's only got the one pad
with her." Every bloody year.
Yeah, well, you know it was
just me and Mum, at the care home.
Right. Jesus.
So Ben on Newsnight? Ben Swain
is going on Newsnight? Yeah, yeah.
Thank God you didn't know either.
I thought it was just me.
No, no.
I did know about that actually.
Why did you say it like that then?
"Ben Swain's going on Newsnight?"
You're just out of the loop.
I'm very well wired
into the Tommists.
Nobody calls them Tommists.
They're "Nutters", Terri.
I don't like the word "nutters".
My sister works in mental health.
Right, um, well.
There's plenty of room
so take a seat.
Lots of places to sit and make
yourselves feel comfortable.
Feel free to sit down
if you'd like to.
You're welcome to sit
wherever you like.
I'm fine here. Good.
I was just saying we are on
our eighth legacy working party!
Already! Yes,
it's the eighth already
so that's a congratulatory matter.
OK, I want to reinforce the fact
that what we're doing here,
is we're moving immigration out
of frontline politics.
It's no longer some sort of
political football we can throw
about here and throw about there.
No, we're going to push asylum
policy across to this independent
expert board,
totally independent from Government.
That will be the legacy.
We should perhaps... I'll tell you
what his legacy is going to be.
He'll be the one to
try to have a legacy.
JULIUS: I think we ought to
keep on our agenda, Malcolm,
so that's not for the minutes.
Thanks for that. I will action that.
Right, are we ready to continue?
Good, OK, well,
you can take your comments to the
Prime Minister directly because when
I speak to him, and I do frequently,
obviously, not just to discuss this
but also the delicate matter
of the timing of the departure...
Do you know the departure date?
Mal, look...
HE CLEARS HIS THROAT
This is off the minutes now. Yes,
I have been told the departure date.
You actually know it? James, as if
I'm going to sit here now and reveal
that confidential information. OK.
Forget it, forget the whole thing.
Can I take some time off at Easter
by the way? Of course... Sorry,
it's not Easter. It's not Easter.
Stop it. We're just going
to go round and round. 12th June.
No, Malcolm. 12th June?
No, the Prime Minister will reveal
the dates... 13th? 14th? ..when
he reveals the date. There it is.
Could you reveal the date
on which he'll reveal the date?
Would that be possible?
You don't even have to say.
Just, when I, just nod... Julius.
When I point to the right date,
just nod your head.
Just say that's the date.
Don't mess about.
Will this help to fuck
the "Nutters" or not?
Look, James, those "Nutters",
they do not operate in a vacuum.
They're part of the party.
They're part of Government.
I mean, Ben Swain's
going on Newsnight tonight.
God knows what's that's
going to throw up. His lunch.
It'll be a big nothing, junior
"Nutter" interviewed by dwarf hack.
No, no, that is a Paxman interview.
It's not Paxman. Are you sure?
Yes, Malcolm, I'm sure it's Paxman.
I have just spoken to Pat Morrissey.
She confirmed it half an hour ago.
She's ticked this?
Well, that's fine,
he's lost his teeth anyway.
He's like Russell
fucking Harty these days.
Only without that element of danger.
What happened to my tick?
I've just got it,
now Pat's taken it away.
It's a two-tick system
and she's got both fucking ticks?
Pumpkin ticks.
She's got a fucking
enormous box as well.
Do you think Paxman wants to do it
because he's found out
about this computer fuck-up?
I hoped we could keep a lid on that
till Hugh got back.
Still late in, Ollie.
Opposition have you tied
to the bedposts?
Covered all over in right wing
whipped cream all the way
from "Thought for the Day"?
What are you doing in?
I thought you were on holiday whilst
Hugh is on his horrible Australian
nuptials and small-talk nightmare.
Yes, I am.
I just popped in for the handover.
Where are you off to?
Somewhere nice, hotel...
No, I'm going down to Wales.
I promised my sister
I'd do her place up.
Didn't expect her to go
and buy the fucking paint, did I?
By the way, I ran past Hugh
the idea of the coalface.
"Week At The Coalface" thing.
My idea? No, Malcolm's idea.
No, well, Malcolm had a concept
and I fleshed it out, didn't I?
"I fashioned the narrative,
nigger" as we say in Brixton.
Whatever. If Hugh liked it,
it would have been my idea.
But, he didn't so it's yours.
And anyway it's not happening.
What is he talking about?
It's a genius idea.
Having a politician, a minister,
not just a politician, going into
an Immigration Centre for a week
and work shoulder to shoulder with
real people, well, not real people,
civil servants. But, you know.
Morning all. Big Ben, Benjy, Benjy.
Welcome. Happy New Year. Benj.
Happy New Year to you as well.
These are your briefing notes.
Ah, splendid. I'll file these
directly in the shredder.
If you just stick to what's
in there you'll be all right.
Just remember, you're the night
watchman, all right?
Well, I like to think of myself
as more of an elected MP
than a night watchman, Glenn.
But thanks for everything. I'll be
fine without you holding my hand.
You enjoy your weekend cottaging
in Wales or whatever it is
you're up to. This is looking good.
When is it out? End of the week.
You can make the launch party.
Great title. And have you written
it yourself or is it ghosted by...?
By Victoria Beckham.
No, everything in there is written
by me, I think you'll find.
There you go.
You have hidden talents.
Anyone heard from the Hughster?
Yes, he's suffering from jet lag.
Have you been to Australia? No.
Why would I want to go there? Full
of people in khakis, squinting.
It's just the world's largest
collection of poisonous things.
God, yeah. If you wanted to
stick around with poisonous snakes,
you might as well as stay here.
Throw a blanket on me. I'm on fire.
Listen. Ollie,
We may be babysitting a "Nutter".
He may look like a Womble but he's
got "Nutter" eyes and "Nutter" ears.
Keep an eye on him. The moment any
chicken blood turns up on the
paperwork, I'll be on to you. Right.
Off to Wales, and the late 1950s.
Happy trails.
HE COUGHS
Can't get rid of this.
Bet you're looking forward
to your holiday. Well, yeah.
Obviously, I'm not flying abroad
anywhere because... ..Carbon.
No, bathroom.
Supervising doing up my bathroom.
Is that raffia?
He's discovered IKEA, hasn't he?
It's all for show.
They want to look modern, like
they appeal to the kind of people
who go to IKEA. I'm modern.
I say "black" instead of "coloured".
I think women are a good thing.
I have no problem with gays.
Most of them are very well
turned out, especially the men.
Why is it, this last year, I've been
made to feel as if I'm always two
steps behind, like I can't programme
a video or convert everything back
to old money? Because that's not me.
You still have a video?
I'm a one nation party.
THEY LAUGH
Ah, Peter.
PETER COUGHS
Dr Stewart will see you now.
Did I hear you coughing in there?
Is that your contribution to
the meeting? Are you all right?
Yes, OK. It's just hanging around.
Yeah, I'm sorry to keep you hanging
about but right now all the,
all the big priority stuff
is the big party stuff.
I was talking about the cold,
hanging around.
Thanks very much, Emma.
You OK?
Was that fun there?
Yeah, useful.
Playing with the big boys?
Yes. Now, I'm back
with the little boys.
No.
So. How are you then?
Fine, I'm fine.
Superb. Now, the reason I asked
you in - firstly, just to say hi,
how are you? Still fine.
Then this photo call this afternoon,
"100 days of the new leader".
We've got you a Paul Smith suit.
I did think about Vivienne Westwood.
But it was just too expensive.
And a Ted Baker,
Ted Baker shirt.
No tie, we're thinking
an open-necked look might be good.
I'm already wearing a suit.
And, controversially, a tie.
Absolutely. Sure.
But frankly, it looks a bit '80s.
Robert Palmer, Sink the Belgrano,
that kind of vibe.
We think this is better, it's
modern, sharp, slimming. Try it on.
Is this a joke? Try the suit on.
Just wondering whether you're fully
conversant with the new line,
whether you're really up to speed.
I don't know. Am I?
Because I get people stopping me
in the street and saying, "Are you
still for locking up yobbos?"
And I say, "Yes, of course we are."
But then I think, "Are we?"
Maybe I missed a memo from you.
Maybe I should understand
yobbos now.
Not even call them yobbos,
call them "Young Men With Issues
Around Stabbing".
No tie, you say? No tie.
It's quite a nice suit actually.
So, we were thinking,
shirt outside the trousers.
Outside?
Not tuck my shirt in? Yeah.
I always tuck my shirt in,
it's part of getting dressed.
Shall I not do my flies up either?
Let the old chap flop out.
Is that modern enough for you?
Just try it, Peter.
Not the cock out, the shirt thing.
I'm from a generation of men,
Stewart, who tuck their shirts in.
I have done it since I was a boy.
I was told off for not doing it.
Oh God. No, you're right. Sorry.
Tuck it in. You look like you've
been startled by a fire alarm.
Mr Swain.
Morning Ben. Morning Malcolm.
Off you two fuck.
Right, Ben,
heard the big news about Paxo.
What was it you did
in your gap year again?
Er, inter-railing.
Have you ever travelled
100 miles an hour head-first
through a tunnel of pig shit?
Because that's what's going
to happen to you tonight with
Paxman unless you listen to us.
He'll eat you up, sick you out and
grout his fucking wet room with you.
I have been interviewed before,
thank you very much. Who?
George Alagiah.
Yeah? You know what they call him?
"Easy George". This is Paxo.
What are you gonna do when he pulls
that big rubbery horse face
of mock incredulity at you?
We know the cheat codes for Paxman
now. That old aggressive style
is just old school.
All you do is play the honest Joe,
try to humbly get your point across.
Let's see you do your stuff,
Mr Television.
Immigration's in disarray,
what are you going to do about it?
First, I would have to take issue
with your contention
that immigration is in disarray.
Oh, answer the question,
you fat fuck.
You panicked already.
You shat yourself.
Well, he won't swear at me
like that on live television.
He'd just look ridiculous.
What are you going to say when he
brings up this computer fuck-up?
You're going to need something.
There's an idea of Ollie's that we
could use. "A Week At The Coalface".
What I'll do is go into an
immigration office, spend a couple
of days there working on the front
line with the people in the office.
That's MY fucking idea.
I said Hugh should do that
at a drop-in centre.
You know. I did finesse it a bit.
Let's just use it,, all right.
Jamie's going to stay with you.
He'll be by your side
until the interview is over,
even if you take a dump.
Even if I take a dump.
And I shit a lot. It's smoking
and a fast metabolism.
Well, fantastic. We'll spend
the day defecating together.
It's the glamour of this job
I so much enjoy.
Malcolm reckons Newsnight will be
an absolute shuttle crash.
But we've given Ben one of my very
fine ideas as a secret weapon
just in case. Oh, yeah. What's that?
We send him to an immigration centre
in Watford for a week, work shoulder
to shoulder with the drones.
"A Week At The Coalface", see what
the problems are from the inside.
That's actually really nice.
Oh, yeah. I'm a genius.
Paxman versus Swain.
Bare knuckle backstreet talking.
Oh, are you off? What a shame.
I am off for a massive shit, Phil.
Which one's your toothbrush again?
Topsy and Tim? That one?
Why the fuck do you have to keep
inviting him round here?
Are you a bit jealous?
What, of the man
from the Mr Muscle adverts?
No. It's unreasonable. I have to
watch what I say in my own flat.
You could at least give me warning
if he's coming round or something.
I'll put a sex grid on the fridge
so you can have dates and stuff.
I'll put an A4 piece of paper up and
you could have a half a Post-it note.
You can share that
with Affers maybe.
You'd have to write really small.
"I've slept with three women in..."
Your life? Yes.
PUTS UP VOLUME ON TV
Here we go. Seconds out.
Come on Big Ben.
PAXMAN: 'Where do you stand
on the number of illegal
immigrants in this country?'
'I'm sure you'd like me to....
I'D like to answer that question
'and I'm sure you'd like to rush me
into an answer...' He doesn't look
relaxed. It's his first time though.
'..He's not really
what the question is about.'
What's he doing with his eyes?
Oh my God, he's got a nervous blink.
That's a mega blink.
It's not just A blink. He looks like
what happens when you punch a cow.
'That's 500 million pounds over...'
'Well, over... I'll answer
your first question before
you ask me another one, Jeremy.
'That's how it...normally works.'
This is like watching a lion
rape a sheep, but in a bad way.
The cameramen are laughing. '£100
million a year. I mean, j-j-just...'
Stop him, stop him.
He spelt "just" with four Js.
He's like a chicken.
He's like an enormous chicken.
'100 million pounds a year.
I'm quoting your own accounts.
'Yes, you can quote from my accounts
and I can quote from your accounts
'and we'd both be quoting
from our accounts.'
It's just one word he's been
saying which is basically...
HE MUMBLES INCOHERENTLY
What about the coalface?
Pull it. Punch his life belt,
pull it, give him the signal.
'If he shits I'll give you 500
quid.' 'What's your solution?
One solution package we're having.
'My solution... The answer to
the question is you don't know.
'No, I do and I wish
you'd stop saying that.
'You don't know. It's er...
Minister, thank you.
'Well, no, not yet.
Minister, thank you very much.'
He looked like a "Nutter". He looked
like that guy on the green who
shouts "You're an Arab!" at everyone.
It's a tough day tomorrow picking
bits of Ben out of Malcolm's car.
He didn't mention the coalface idea.
You don't deserve to live.
That was the worst thing
I've ever seen. And I was in 'Nam.
It was fucking funny though, wasn't
it? I've just rung Hugh, actually.
It's first thing over there
and it's made his day.
Haven't heard him
sound so happy in years.
'That doesn't sound like Hugh.'
'No. Well, he rang back 30 seconds
later panicking.'
CLATTERING
So what did you say? Hang on a
second... Can you fuck off?
I'm having a conversation.
Oh sorry. I'll go home.
Oh, hang on a minute, this IS my
home, so why don't YOU fuck off?
'What's going on?' Sorry mate,
just some twat being annoying.
You're not at your girlfriend's?
Don't say anything you shouldn't.
Oh, tit, you know what?
I gave her the codes for the nukes.
And she's got PMT. We're all dead.
'What do you think?' I'm serious.
'Yes, me too.' Ollie, the "Nutters"
want to know if you're coming back
in for the line dancing? 'Fuck off.'
How's my blog?
My own personal blog,
personally written by me?
There we go. Yesterday you liked
the leader's speech.
It was bold and courageous
and sent out the right signals.
And you had a fruit lunch.
Oh, I write very well.
What's the feedback like?
That's on this page here. Here we go.
"I don't trust you,
you Cypriot crook."
Cypriot? This is the shit room,
you've opened the shit room door.
That's not too bad.
"How are the maintenance payments
going on your bastard?"
Christ, that was 12 years ago.
I hadn't seen that one.
"Adulterous Nazi". Or that one.
That's actually the same one.
This is the trouble with the public.
They're fucking horrible.
Peter, you really, you can't say
the public are fucking horrible.
Yes, I can. I've met them.
"You've always got
such a pained expression.
"Do you take it up the chutney?2
Really. For God's sake.
The chutney? I still don't understand
why people do this H8 thing.
If you leave a message,
spell it correctly.
If you're going to say "I hate you".
Morning all. Turn it off.
Minimise it.
What we looking at? Just the blog.
How's it going?
The blog is great. It's here.
Nice picture, isn't it?
Nice picture, nice hair.
OK, right.
Who saw Mr Swain
on Newsnight last night?
Yes!
Certainly did. Certainly did.
And the blinking.
Look. Ben Swain's made immigration
an issue, we should be capitalising
on this while Hugh's away.
Ah, now, hang on. Ministers and
Shadows agree holidays together.
Hugh's away, and I'm away
from tomorrow - not in Australia
but in my bathroom.
Are you an Ameri-can
or an Ameri-can't, Peter?
What does that mean?
That doesn't mean anything.
It's not even a word.
I'm an Ameri-can.
Great, let's get some ideas
kicking about. Come on?
OK. Um...
I was thinking Peter could possibly
spend some time at an immigration
centre in London or just outside.
Getting in there and spending
a couple of days at the coalface,
portraying an image of really
being involved in the...
How would that... Phil,
have you got some thoughts on this?
It would just be sort
of fact-finding.
Right, I want to see you Peter, out
and about at an immigration centre.
Croydon, Watford,
somewhere bleak anyway.
Yes, of course you do.
What the fuck was that about,
nicking the other lot's ideas?
You jumped straight on
the band wagon, you hypocrite.
You started it. At least I'm
not nicking my boyfriend's ideas.
You sanctimonious twat.
You're not my dad, Phil,
even if you do dress like him.
What's going on?
Swain was supposed to flag
up the coalface idea last night
but he didn't. So Emma nicked it.
Fuck-tastic. Not only was it
a shit idea to ruin my holiday,
it was a shit idea you stole
from the Government
to ruin my holiday. Good work.
Thanks a lot, supergrass.
You're such a bum-licker, Phil.
Why do you suck up to him so much?
Is it cos he was around in the '80s?
You dress like you're in the '80s.
There's nothing wrong with the '80s.
Good things came out of the '80s.
Miami Vice, deregulation
of the stock exchange.
Us being in power.
Pretty bloody good, wasn't it?
What is this? Sexual tension?
Fuck off. I'd rather pay for it.
I'd rather eat my own shit.
Well, take it elsewhere.
They're with the grouting
in the garage.
Don't you talk to Ollie about this.
Not until I've spoken to him.
Fine by me, although he is going
to know we're announcing it,
because we're announcing it.
(You're such a twat.)
You just email it in, straight away.
It's up on his blog.
I sent him one that said, "Yeah,
I totally agree, school children
should be allowed to carry knives".
Here he is.
Dead man walking.
AS SWAIN: "I-I-I wish
you wouldn't keep saying that."
Who's your favourite band?
Blink 182?
Ollie look, Phil pitched Stewart the
coalface idea and he's gone with it.
'I just thought I'd warn you.'
Oh, thanks a bundle.
"I'm warning you
you've got three minutes to live."
What am I supposed to do,
boil a fucking egg?
HE COUGHS VIOLENTLY
Oh! That's like smoking dead skin.
That's not a proper cigar. Proper
cigars are those big Cuban whoppers.
That's just a jumped-up fag.
Talking of which... Hi.
Is it rag week?
Do you fancy a cigar? I won't tell
the other prefects.
Hand rolled on the thigh of a Cuban
virgin with big tits and four kids.
Thanks. Malcolm, I just wanted
to have a quick word actually.
The opposition have got the
"Week At The Coalface" idea
and they're doing it. Who? When?
Peter Mannion, I don't know when.
How the fuck did they get that?
It's your fucking girlfriend!
Jesus Christ. You should have
dumped that mad bitch ages ago.
I would have done. She is mad.
She's a mental woman. But you two
kept telling me to go out with
her and stay going out with her
in case I found anything out. And
what did you find out? That you're
leaking intelligence to them?
You're the fucking shittest
James Bond ever.
You're David fucking Niven.
Terri, are you still here?
Put your glass down
and meet me in the kitchen.
Just follow the fucking crumbs.
What is going on
with this coalface bullshit, Terri?
What's this? I don't understand. The
opposition fact-finding immigration.
There was an official request
this afternoon
from Stewart Pearson, their PR guy.
I saw no legitimate reason to stop
it and he was very nice. He was nice?
Good manners cost nothing. Just
because you were raised by wolves.
Is it this easy to get in
your knickers, because if were you I
would go down to the clap clinic and
get them to get a good look up you.
I followed the procedure.
Did you get two ticks?
No, I didn't have
to do the two ticks.
I put a memo through to Julius.
He okayed it and it is going ahead.
Excuse me, Ben,
come here, we need to talk.
Hi, Glenn.
Something might be happening.
It'll probably be on News 24.
I haven't got digital here.
I've barely got terrestrial.
It's fucking barbaric.
PHONE RINGS
Malcolm Tucker.
What do I owe the pleasure?
This coalface bullshit is going
to make us look like a
bunch of government wankers.
We will not look like gurning people.
They point out the problems.
We solve it. It's a damn sight more
subtle than raising it ourselves.
You actually want
the opposition to do this?
We are through the looking
glass now, folks. Fuck me.
I'm going to get my little phoney,
young Benjamin, to announce that
he's going to the coalface and we're
gonna do this before the wankers do.
OK. You two, come with me.
Get him properly
fucking screen tested.
I'm sorry but you need powder.
I've never seen anyone look
so fucking ugly with just one head.
No, I lost my islands of safety.
Who was it who did your media
training? Myra Hindley?
It's terrible, the hands
were all over the place.
It was like a sweaty octopus
trying to unhook a bra.
It was like watching
John Leslie at work.
Yes. I know all of that.
It just kind of fell away.
God, it was like one of those
dreams where you're wandering round
Covent Garden in just a vest
and everyone's staring at you.
It was much worse than that. How
many people see you in Covent Garden?
A few thousand? Your meltdown
was witnessed by 1.2 million people.
That's more people than saw
Al Jolson in his entire career.
And that's Al fucking Jolson.
He loves Al Jolson. The guv'nor.
HE BAAS LIKE A SHEEP
You take the piss out of Jolson again
and I will remove your iPod from
its tiny Nano sheath
and push it up your cock.
Then I'll plug some speakers
up your arse and put it
on shuffle with my fucking fist.
And every time I hear something
I don't like, which will be
every time something comes on,
I will skip to the next track
by crushing your balls.
Bollocks! They've shot their wad.
They've announced it already.
They beat us to it?
You two fuck off.
You stay here, I need to kill you.
Why didn't you just tell me?
Why did you have to say
it was Phil who did it?
It kind of was Phil.
In what way was it "kind of Phil"
when you fucking nicked it?
I should have told you sooner but
I couldn't because Stewart had
to stop Malcolm from blocking it.
It's just... ..The game we're in.
Yeah.
Oh, good, it's Hugh Grant.
How are you two love birds
getting on? Fuck off, Phil.
Phil, this isn't
the time for this.
What? To be in my own flat?
It never is because this
fucking stalker is always here.
I'll have to get a restraining
order against you.
Yeah, yeah, did you steal
any ideas on your way home, Phil?
Is this coalface?
Yes, of course it's coalface.
Well A) I thought that idea
had been around
so long it was out of copyright
like an old folk song.
And B) I didn't steal your idea,
she did.
Well A) fuck off and
B) yes, I know that now.
Well A) fuck you back and B) you know
this now so originally you told him
that I was the one who nicked the
idea. You are a smart cookie. Yes.
I'm sorry.
Maybe you should dump Peter
and go out with Ollie.
It wouldn't be any more disastrous
than our relationship, would it?
Christ, Ollie! If it's been such
a fucking disaster, why didn't
you break up with me sooner?
Well, if it had been up to me
I would have broken up
with you sooner.
If it had been up...
OK. This is Malcolm, isn't it?
Malcolm has been pimping you out.
You fucking sad...
That's funny.
Fuck you, Phil!
Oh, I'm the bad guy again. Go read
your blog, nerd boy. I'm going.
This is the point when I go.
Wow, that point actually exists?
Incredible. I will be so not sorry
not ever to talk to you again.
You massive floppy, blonde tit.
I hope your blog gets done
for libel and you get
knobbed in prison by men.
It's over
you self-serving
crypto-fascist, horse-loving,
posh, weekend-at-Daddy's,
vacuous nothing.
Fuck you, Ollie,
and put the keys on the side!
He's got keys?
REPORTERS ALL SPEAK AT ONCE
I'm hoping to get a first hand look
at the systemic problems in the
system and how we can sort them out.
What do you think is wrong
with the computer system here?
Well, that's what I hope to find
out this morning. That's the
whole purpose of the exercise.
Have you sorted out
your blog, Mr Mannion?
Your blog? Give me your tie.
We're not wearing it today.
And that actually.
Welcome to immigration.
This is the office, is it?
See, that should have been
our guy up there. No tie.
I love the no-tie.
I like the no-tie thing.
(When everyone went out of the
office, he Googled his name.)
Yeah, that's always fun.
Although I find it quicker just
to poke needles in my eyes. Phil.
Have you seen my blog?
Uh, yeah. I thought you said nobody
reads these things except
political obsessives
and mad Christians in wheelchairs.
Loads of people read mine.
There's a shit load of new abuse
on that feedback thing.
Yeah, you read the thing
about you being a Holocaust denier.
Yeah and the thing about cats.
I think it's technical,
but we may have been
the victims of a link-jacking.
Someone's link-jacking the blog.
"Link-jack?" You so obviously
just made that up.
(He's saying something
about link-jacking.)
Try and put a lid on it.
It's bad enough having to work here
with these fucking zombies
without this. Christ, I need a fag.
So.
How's it going?
First day and all that? They
showed you where to put your pumps?
Good news, we make tomorrow's
papers, gentlemen. Da-da!
Oh for God's sake. On the downside,
you appear to be
smoking a cigarette.
On the up side, there's no tie.
So, well done.
Well, good first day. And the blog.
That's blowing up
quite spectacularly, isn't it?
So you little cat rapist you,
what are you going to do about it?
Well, two pronged strategy. Firstly,
I'm across the filter. Whoopedy-do!
And the second, even more
impressive prong, is that Peter
has uncovered some real problems
down at the immigration centre.
There's a crack between databases
which means illegal applicants
from candidate EU nations, even
criminals, are just swarming in,
while genuine applicants
are left hanging.
Let's not use those words.
Illegals and swarming, etc.
We're going to need something
to announce so you might
want to start to think about that.
What, a policy? Not a policy.
That's what I meant, not a policy.
So, what shall I announce?
A patriotic tattoo,
a change of sexual orientation?
We just need a policy flavour,
Peter.
So, why don't you start
thinking about it?
It's just that I have always
been consistently
way ahead of the party on this.
I have always welcomed immigration,
the economic benefits.
It's JB and his Eton clique who are
always texting each other about
"dune coons" and "nip in the air".
Remember him laughing at Frank's
party at the one about the Pakistani
guy being thrown off the train?
Yeah, JB has got
very progressive views.
I think you'll find what he was
doing was ironising, Peter.
Why don't you get out there
and neutralise some negatives, OK?
Vis-a-vis the blog.
The system stinks.
We do not have a go at immigrants.
OK. I love immigrants.
I eat take away, use mini cabs.
I'm down with them.
Well, Stew, if you can mix
the press harping on about
this blog thing, can you do that?
Can you manage that?
I'm already onto that, Peter.
They can probably trace most
of the pooh-slinging back
to Malcolm Tucker's IP address.
Oh, that would be lovely.
So, we're going with that story
tomorrow. Very good. Well, done.
The story's isn't me. Nobody's
interested in me and I would be
pleased if you remember that. OK?
You sure you don't want
Hugh and me to come back?
We could give you some cover.
Hugh's not coming back.
It would look like we're panicking.
But I need you to let them
know we're not panicking.
So you want me to interrupt
my holiday in a panic
so Hugh doesn't interrupt his
holiday and look like he's panicking?
You get back here. I want to see
you popping a bollock for me.
You seen this?
No, I haven't seen that. I'm the
senior press guy for the Government
of Great Britain & Northern Ireland.
No, I don't look at the newspapers,
that's fucking news to me.
All right, all right.
What are we doing? What are we doing?
Fuck all. We're not doing nothing.
Cos I'm not the story here.
You kind of are the story. They
spelt your name right and everything.
Look, we're not doing nothing.
No drawing attention to it.
I'm not drawing attention to it.
You're drawing my attention to it.
Stop looking at it.
All right. We stay frozen to the
fucking floor and send everyone in
the media to Coventry. That'll help.
That will help. That's the way
I want to play it.
I'm going for a walk. A walk? Yeah.
Do I need your permission to go for
a walk? I've never seen you go for
a walk. How do you think I get here?
How do I get from the front door to
here. I fucking walk? You don't
go FOR a walk. I'm away for a walk.
Julius, you should try
the chicken salad.
If I'm lucky you'll get salmonella.
Now that is amusing, Malcolm.
Very funny.
Don't you have a sandwich flunky?
I like to see them myself.
Feel the heft.
Course you fucking got to do that.
Anyway, I see you're in the papers
Malc. I'm not in the papers.
You are in the papers.
I'm not the story here.
People are not interested in me.
The PM has asked me to make
a few key nodes aware
of a change in his thinking.
Oh, yeah of course, you're chief
of the nodes, aren't you? I am
chief node. The node of node hall.
The Peter Mannion coalface thing
has rather made
the PM accelerate his plans.
In what way? He's given me a date.
A surprising date. What is the date?
I can't tell you the date. I need
to know. It is a surprising date.
What the fuck does that mean?
The titty ninth of February?
Flatember 4th. 8BC?
It means it is a surprising date. But
it does also mean the PM is going to
announce the legacy, the independent
immigration service, on Friday.
Friday, three days' time.
So it's six months and three days.
He's going to be gone,
six months, three days, that's...
Don't try and work it out.
I'm not hungry.
I'll see you later, OK.
That is why it's called the £5
present. It's supposed to cost £5.
If you pay more than £5
and it looks like you did,
everybody thinks you're a dick.
They think you're being a bit
flashy about stuff. That's the...
Can I call you back?
Hello.
I've been looking for you, Ollie.
You and me Ollie. Eh?
I've just realised,
we're in the same boat.
Well, obviously, I'm up on
the bridge with the binoculars
and Richard Gere gear
and you're down in the engine room,
trying not to get bum-raped by
a bunch of big lads with shovels.
But essentially, it's the same boat.
What...sorry, what boat are
we discussing? Well, the thing is,
people like you and I,
we need time...
..time to ease the transition from
one regime to the next.
And, I've been hearing
from a very nasty and very baldy
little bird that we might not be
getting the time that we need
to make the alliances we need,
to ease the transition. OK... So...?
So, I want the opposition to
make an announcement for me.
The opposition?
I want them to announce
the hiving off of immigration
to a non-political executive body.
That's the PM's legacy.
But, the opposition,
it's a different party, Malcolm.
I can't make them do things.
Even you can't make them do things.
Where's all the education, where
does it go when it comes to this?
I understand there's this party
and there's this party and we're
this party
and they're this party and
therefore how can I influence that?
You take this and this and put it
onto your bird's breast and you work
them and squeeze them very gently.
You get her into the sack.
You bang her fucking brains out.
You make sure that she comes
and you just give her the policy.
Yeah, but I chucked her and not
in a "it's not you, it's me" way.
More in a "it is you, you hideous
vacuous Sloane bitch from hell".
I'm not interested in your little
tiff. Get round there.
Take your Barry White album and your
lube and your fucking policy folder.
Malcolm, this is
really crossing the line here.
Don't start with the moral
objections, you fucking
Blue Peter badge-wearing ponce.
Go make a contribution
to Amnesty International.
Go buy a goat the whole village can
fuck. But you are doing this for me.
Malcolm! You're bullying me and
I don't know why you're bullying me.
How dare you.
Don't you ever, ever
call me a bully.
I am so much worse than that.
Do it, OK?
Go wash your hands.
Cheers Affers, thanks mate.
What the fuck are you doing here?
The traditional lovers greeting.
I just wanted to pop round
and say, last time,
I...I was hoping we could forget
about last time basically because...
..seriously, can he really not
fuck off? It's like doing
Brief Encounter at the Happy Eater.
Affers, would you mind fucking off?
Thanks darling.
I just don't think we should
fall out over a stupid
stolen policy initiative.
Even if it was quite a serious
breach of the Chinese Wall.
I just feel like...
On the politics, I want to feel like
I can trust you, I can talk openly.
Like I mean, I've got quite a big,
policy initiative and it's
exactly the kind of thing you'd be
interested in,
totally down your street.
I just want to know I can talk about
it in front of you openly, you know.
So Malcolm sent you over
here to leak a policy? No. Yes.
You are really are a very slow
fucker-offer, aren't you?
Is this the only reason
you've come round?
No.
I'm basically here for us.
Would you like
a city break in Venice?
So go on, what's the policy?
It's massive, literally massive.
It's the PM's legacy.
The thing is, I've been working
closely with Ben and, apart
from the fact we might have to
fucking wire his eyes open,
he might just be a bit of a player.
Well, thank you for
this lavish and fulsome praise.
You haven't come dashing back in a
panic then? Not at all. No, no, no.
I soon realised I'd tired of all the
delights of South Wales which
consisted solely, it seemed to me,
of a single shop selling firelighters
and bargain clingfilm. Do I know you?
Don't you work for somebody famous?
Malcolm "Hamish Macdeath"?
It's Peter Onion, isn't it?
That's right.
I always forget. Were you the
forced abortion or the love child?
Or the guy who asphyxiated himself
with a kiwi?
Just the love child.
I was the quiet one.
Like John Deacon in Queen.
Ah, Julius. Haven't seen you
since Carla Powell's.
What are you doing here?
Well, I wanted to have a chat
with you.
I hear on the journalistic
political grapevine nexus
that you're getting your boys to
attend the media centre tomorrow.
Now tell me, what's all that about?
Oh. I couldn't possibly say, Julius.
Oh, come on, Peter. Come on.
Chatham House rules.
I won't say a word.
Well, just between us, off the back
of my visit, float immigration.
Kick the whole political football
out of the policy minefield
and into the electoral goal.
That's a good idea. A good idea.
Nice. Listen, I need to find myself
a maize-based snack.
So you just bear with me one second.
Pat?
Sorry, are you eating? Sorry. I need
you to do something immediately.
Why are you wearing that?
What do you mean?
It's a tie. Goes with the shirt.
We put it in the bin. YOU put it in
the bin. I took it out of the bin.
There is no "we" when it comes
to ties and bins. OK.
It looks very strange.
Well, of course, it looks strange,
it's been in the bin.
Julius Nicholson, what are you
doing out of your Petri dish?
It's a book launch,
not a fucking book burning.
This is a serious code alert. I've
just been talking to Peter Mannion.
Apparently, he's got
a similar policy to the legacy
and he's announcing it tomorrow.
What, it's like the legacy thing?
Well, that's fucking
going to spoil it.
Where did he get that from? No,
it won't spoil it because I've been
on the phone to Pat Morrisey.
We'll bring the PM's announcement
forward to tomorrow, 11am.
Don't say a word. What?
Tomorrow, 11 o'clock.
11 o'clock is not a good time.
If we bring it out early it won't
cause a problem. Who ticked this?
I didn't tick this.
This has happened and I haven't
ticked this. I HAVE got a tick.
I should have been informed.
I have informed you.
There you are, you're being informed.
You haven't informed me. You've
bumped into me in a book launch.
I've not bumped into you. Is this
how we'll run things from now on?
No. "Oh, we'll bomb Sudan."
"Shall I tell
the Chief of Defence staff?"
"Oh, we'll bump into him
at fucking Costa Coffee
at some point." Please listen to me.
Things are moving very fast.
Moving fast.
I'm going to sort this out.
You are fucking useless to me.
Right, you... Ow, Malcolm.
Mannion
is not announcing early enough.
Look, they're the opposition.
They've got their own minds
and they can make them up.
I can't control them,
you can't control them.
You're like some one-man guerrilla
army operating against
your own fucking government.
This is the not the day for you
to be brave with me.
You're not fucking Andy McNab.
Watch my moves.
Right Ben, you're coming with me.
I'm signing books. I don't care
if you're signing books.
Come with me before I stick your
nuts in a book and squeeze till
they come out like pressed flowers.
You Christopher fucking Robin,
you come with me.
I want you to
announce a policy for me.
I want you to take the credit
and be the face of it.
This is an overture?
You're coming round to the "Nutter"
way of thinking?
You're bailing out on the PM?
No, of course not. What's
your policy, what's your idea?
Taking immigration
out of political control.
Hang on, you're giving
this to him now, are you?
I'm going to bang you on Newsnight.
Right? And you are going
to fly this time.
You are going to light up the sky,
where's your phone? Give us
your phone. Oh, not Newsnight.
"How are we going to pay for it?"
They'll ask me that.
Ollie,
where's the money coming from?
Um, we can just cancel something
that's already on the slate maybe?
Oh, brilliant.
I'll say that, that will be great.
Thank you, Carol Vorderman. Why
don't we say that we're wrapping up
the citizenship program with this.
It won't add up but they'll find
it hard to prove, cos we've
never said how much citizenship
costs in the first place.
That'll do.
OK, this is it.
This is it. I've got to think
about it. Don't wave my phone at me.
That's not going to help.
He's doing the blinky thing again.
Right, if you're not going to go on,
I'm going to get this giggling
streak of piss to go onto Newsnight.
I don't even fucking care.
Let it be his chinless, sulky
little face that everyone sees for
the whole of the next week.
OK, fuck it, I'll do it.
Yes, I'll do it.
Yes, you are the man. I am.
Hi Liz, how are you?
Good to talk to you.
Listen, I think you're going
to have to bump your lead.
Yes, I have got Ben Swain
with an exclusive announcement.
It's a very special...
Have I broken into a party?
Have I got permission
from the party committee?
What's happening?
Fucking fantasy football.
What's going on?
I'm going on Newsnight. Good for
you. Tell Paxo to bring it on
because this time he's facing
Russell fucking Crowe.
To discuss the executive,
the immigration executive policy.
You're going to what?
About sourcing or taking away
immigration control
from the Government.
I'm announcing it on Newsnight.
When? Tonight. Tonight?
You're going on Newsnight tonight?
I'll talk to you in a minute.
He didn't tell him, did he?
He did actually tell him. Yes.
OK. Malcolm Tucker, if you'd just
like to tell me
what the f-word is going on?
I thought it would be a good idea
to tee up the legacy, to make
a pre-announcement on Newsnight.
A pre-announcement?
What does that mean?
That doesn't mean anything, Malcolm.
The fact is, it is top secret until
the Prime Minister announces it
or it's massive fly in the departure
programme. OK? Fine. It's not fine...
Great. That's your 15 minutes up.
You should have been a bit
faster off your feet
but don't clearly
mention the policy.
Well, I can't mention...you'll have
to cancel it. You'll have to cancel.
Are you fucking kidding me?
You've just watched me break
my not inconsiderable balls
trying to get you the second spot
on Newsnight and succeeding.
I can't back down.
No, no, you're on, pal.
And it better not be too boring
or too interesting either.
It better not cost too much.
It can't be an old thing, obviously.
And don't make it too new.
And whatever you do, please
try not to embarrass yourself.
Right? Oh, for fuck's sake.
I want to talk to you about this
formally. Yeah. I'm serious.
Four minutes is unacceptable.
Get me a tuna wrap,
fucking sandwich boy.
No, not "get me a tuna wrap". I'm
having a word with the PM about this.
You can fuck off as well, Joe 90.
I blame you for this. A lot.
That's hardly fair, Malcolm.
I've humiliated myself
for you over this.
I'm going to fucking Venice
Get out the door.
Liz, sorry about that. It's me. I
just want to say I'm coming on, OK?
On Newsnight. Me, personally.
Book me in.
Liz?
That was... I was just
getting ahead of myself then.
You've got to understand.
Obviously, I wouldn't come...
It would be wrong for me
to come onto your programme.
You cannot.
Me calling up to say that is not
in itself a story.
You can't run with that.
You cannot fucking run with me,
you can't run with that as a fucking
story, you fucking sour-faced bitch!
Christ!
Sam, not right now, not right now,
OK? Later, right.
No, it's not Ben Swain, it's me.
I'm using his phone because
I knew you wouldn't pick up for me.
Please would you listen to me.
I just want to apologise, OK?
I was a bit abrupt.
A bit of horse play
that got out of hand.
I don't mind, you can tell
anybody you like
that I was having a carry on
because that's not usually
the kind of thing I do.
But, it is, that's over,
all right Liz, do you accept that?
Do...
Right, I want one minute
of your time, Malcolm.
Just thought you'd like to know.
Thanks to the maelstrom of confusion
and the to-ing and the fro-ing
and the chopping and the changing,
the legacy project
has now been ditched.
The Prime Minister
has decided to pull it.
I hope you're happy about that,
Malcolm, I'm sure you are.
You know Julius, if I wasn't a
heterosexual man, I would kiss you.
Right, I've just seen six months
work go up the chimney.
Thank you very much, Malcolm.
Goodnight.
I will make a mental note of it.
The book is a major announcement.
It announces and informs
on a major series of ideas within
British politics although there's
no easy answer to everything.
Difficult questions. It's complex
questions, complex situations.
Quite a good turn out, isn't it?
You've obviously gone with the tie.
Yes.
HE CLEARS HIS THROAT
We thought more gravitas.
The guy with the tie.
This is the kind of guy
immigrants can do business with.
A tie is appropriate here.
This is very much a tie situation.
This is a tie-free zone.
EMMA: If you give me the tie.
Do you want my tie off?
No, I want you to tie your tie
very tight, Phil. ..No buttons.
It looks as though he's spent
the night in the cells.
Once more into the breach!
Morning.
So how was Paxo last night?
He didn't look too happy.
I have it on good authority
that he'd happily
chew off my balls
with his own teeth.
Ah. Paxo.
I'll miss him when he has
that massive coronary.
This looks reasonably unappealing.
A large gloat session.
Come on, Julius. Don't be like that.
Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for
coming at such short notice.
I'm just going to make a summary
of my findings and conclusions
after my work down at the Watford
Immigration and Asylum Centre.
PHONE RINGS
And also a member of my team
can give you a press pack
with more... What's going on?
PHONES RING
What's that?
The PM's fucking resigned.
He was getting off the plane
in Sunderland and he announced it.
Full statement at five but that's it.
He'll act as caretaker for one month.
But he's fucking gone. Goodbye and
thanks for all the varicose veins.
The Prime Minister has resigned.
You're shitting me. No, I'm not
shitting you. Where's the telly?
I don't know, you're in charge
of communications and television
counts as communications.
This is it, phase two, this is
the line for the next 24 hours.
You speak to everyone you know
and you praise him.
You praise him like
he's your dead brother.
Nothing else. I want to hear
praise, praise, praise.
Shit, this fucking television.
Look at the size of it.
Has it
got a scart cable on it or what?
Who can plug it in?
Right.
Jamie, you gotta get onto this.
You fucking dick.
This is all down to you, you know.
Oh, don't be so fucking stupid.
You're a fucking "Nutter".
I'm not a "Nutter".
You are going "Nutter", mate. Yes,
of course you've never fucking
thought about that, have you?
No, I never have because that's
how they get you. Fuck that.
Thinking, logic, reason, talking.
Hello. Hugh, Hugh.
Ah, Glenn. Hi. Listen. I think this
is going to work to your advantage.
Because I know you're not a "Nutter",
but you're not seen as being not
a "Nutter" either. Are you with me?
War Cabinet in here now.
Emma, join us. What shall I do?
Instead of announcing my thing,
shall I praise him on television?
Why don't you wait for
a camera crew to pass through.
I don't think you're
going on the telly, Peter.
You know, as far as the click thing
goes, you really click with
Tom's wife and Fatty's...not wife,
so that particular glass ceiling
has smashed.
Excuse me, whose office is this?
THEY APOLOGISE
This is a private office.
Well, I might as well call myself
on unofficial leave now.
Nothing will happen for the next
three weeks, absolutely zero.
I'm going to book that holiday.
All they'll do is bob about
like Emperor penguins
trying to swap over an egg.
Blown out the fucking water.
Two days in that hell hole.
Two days in that fucking pit.
I could rape a cat now
and I wouldn't get a paragraph.
Work out what the policy
of the Department of Social Affairs
and Citizenship will do next.
I'd love to but I've got an old
man shouting at me. Where's my tie?
Have you got my tie?
Can I have my tie?
Give me my tie for God's sake.
Give me my fucking tie!
I'm sick of all this rubbish.
What happens to me?
What happens to me? He's gone.
Does he lift the phone?
Does he fuck.
You're fucking bums, the lot of you.
Go and fucking sort yourself out.
Where's your pawn, Ben Swain?
Morning all. What a sad day.
Yes, it is, isn't it?
Have you spoken to Hugh?
Yes, I have. What did he say?
Well, you know, well,
he's interested. Interested in?
Well, I can't tell you what he's
interested in. He's a capable man.
It's a very interesting situation
and he is very interested
in being in the situation.
There it goes again. Excuse me.
Just go and sit down somewhere,
Phil. Try not to touch anything.
It's big news.
I don't know how to react.
You don't know how to react?
Why don't you go make some coffee.
Maldives I thought.
How are you? Yeah, I'm good. It's
certainly an interesting moment.
I think interesting has pretty
much been heavily discussed.
Are you interested?
Well, yeah.
I mean...
HE MOUTHS
My first loyalty
obviously is to Hugh. But, er...
I can't believe it.
That was not the date.
You can say that again.
I was given an incorrect date.
The date was either changed
or my original date was not the
actual date. I fucking know that.
I want JB over from Portcullis now.
Someone send a car for him.
Someone send a carpet round for him
but I want JB here now.
I cannot believe he didn't
tell me the fucking date.
That is fucking rude, isn't it?
I think my diaries will make
pretty interesting reading.
The day he tried to sack the chief
examiner of his son's retake marks.
Oh, yes, I think it might make
quite interesting reading actually.
Zudek, it's Peter.
Would it be possible to
get the hot water on again?
No, I don't care what it costs.
Yes, oh, that's bloody marvellous,
that is quite literally
the best news I've had all day.
I'm coming home, running a bath
and I'm sitting in it
till sometime next week.